born under Land Air and sea blockade
even before the war these brothers
prospects were limited but Israeli bombs
have now killed their parents and
scarred them for
[Music]
life
it's a question Generations have asked
this survivor of the 1948 naar or
catastrophe has once again been forced
to flee but despite Israel's Relentless
bombing and lack of food she says she's
done running she will not leave Gaza and
fears being pushed into
Egypt we don't want to go to siai we
need need to go home why are the
Israelis doing this they want us to
leave our land and go to
siai this woman has been displaced eight
times since the start of the
war I have three grandchildren less than
a year old and one was born just a month
ago it's really difficult to cope with
the children their needs and their
belongings displacement means
humiliation for decades Palestinians
lives have been severely imp acted by
Israeli restrictions on the free flow of
goods and people into Gaza most rely on
food Aid mainly delivered by unua almost
half the population have struggled to
find
work we are not Beggars for some flower
we need our country they have destroyed
everything they have destroyed the
future of our children they left nothing
no schools no universities
nothing and while rebuilding Gaza seems
a long way off Palestinians want the
blockade to end for good and to have the
chance to shape their lives free from
Israeli control camil nelc Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer